Add Atmos Design Patterns docs (#486)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/quick-start/configure-terraform-backend.md

---
title: Configure Terraform Backend
sidebar_position: 10
sidebar_label: Configure Terraform Backend
---

In the previous steps, we've configured the `vpc-flow-logs-bucket` and `vpc` Terraform components to be provisioned into three AWS accounts
(`dev`, `staging`, `prod`) in the two AWS regions (`us-east-2` and `us-west-2`).

By default, Terraform will use a backend called [local](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/local), which stores

> Terraform state on the local filesystem, locks that state using system APIs, and performs operations locally. For production use, we'll provision and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform state on the local filesystem, locks that state using system APIs, and performs operations locally. For any scenario beyond a basic playground setup, such as staging or production environments, we'll provision and
```
